cashless that is the magic word with which one also travel safely over the
Rounding comes but not only there
stately 15 billion
and payment transactions every year in Germany alone as a bank transfer or
By credit card speak a clear language and still lures the
Banking world is a very special business here
the value date
on the account the money must be available on the same day but the
Everyday life often shows other things
and that is exactly what creates a completely new job
Dr Banks funds is coming
Tables and numbers are his weapons
his opponent is the bank
If Rainer Hertel shows up somewhere then he is the savior in need
he is called by bank customers who feel cheated
Waiting near Regensburg today is the question on the way to the
engagement
This hotel has not seen a guest for a long time
The bank turned the money to the owners in the 1970s
The family had taken a high loan for years, everything went well
but then the burden of interest became too heavy
The bank announced the end of the loan that Berghof secured
There's nothing the EPZ sets up for earthquakes
I had sent the daughter on Monday 8
to the end customer
Nantes is lying sign
that's why x 10 close the Turks live worlds away
Kristijan had
the family turns to Rainer Hertel for seven years checks the credit
Expert guitarist accounting transactions of financial institutions
but Stockholm Sweden twentieth twelfth
Burda Sparkurse's value date was only around in the first year
um and 5000 Neumann checked
even 4000 many from up there and wanted
and of the 4000 fell
well over 2000
in the area of ​​incorrect value date
Ms. Kate Moss makes a total loss of 787 thousand euros wrong
Settles claims and now sues against their savings bank
Hertel knows how the banks feel he's lost himself
Most of his assets through excessive demands of a
Building society and a bank
He was able to prove that and get some of the money back
he is annoyed that bank customers repeatedly make the same mistakes St
but to become Munsterian Bosnian
Jürgen
we lie down
many eyes
Owen Wilson and the rest will be over our worries »
we will be somewhere
I'm worried and now more deaths
the debtors are not few and now is being auctioned off
Rainer Hertel takes time for everyone
his appraisals are free of charge the success and the bank pays he receives
Fee this young man thanks for the help
Hertel has nothing against banks
but if he thinks wrong, it does not leave him in peace
with the mandate of his clients initially tried to one
amicable agreement
The success is Rainer Hertle right
With the help of his appraisals, his clients have already reached more than six million
To retrieve euros from their banks
But sometimes Merkel can not help anymore
Berlin the gradients soon hikers are still on too
it would be at all
Bern
the documentation has been viewed or if the auction show is over
the bankruptcies and unemployment
as in the case Wunderlich
400 pages includes the report by Rainer Hertel
according to his calculations, the bank has the owners of a large
Bakery chain demands a total of 275 thousand euros too much interest
The bakery Wunderlich filed criminal charges against the bank
Prosecutor stopped the proceedings Lich their work 20 years
with the exercise together
over time have as many as twenty thousand wrong bookings
now at once thoroughly mating
They were standing out of shape and would have made it out of the dust
Oberligisten for example succeeded with its persons to be disturbed
At some point, the losses to the voters would be too narrow
seen when they sing especially in this human
if such disputes with money institutes close close
meanwhile all over Germany banks victims in groups together Manni
Fighters if this interest group in the Upper Palatinate
Members are mostly medium-sized companies
the banks are tricks for their business shipwreck
blame and you take seeds released 1000 600 employees
had
Norderstedt 800 tons of Russia coach without notice and pet a fresh start
May available Dr
The actor has not been since 1998
the one case is an economic value of 300 euros one
see
and there the spanish aprilia-pilot of 500 euros
remember the handout together
he said that
Christoph Meyer is a performer
the work of the arithmetic artist only brings up a small part of the damage
daylight
he estimates that over 80 percent of the total German middle class of
wrong statements are affected
the tons of heavy documents of his cases
Reward Hertel in a fireproof room
a kind of safe
there is still a lot of work waiting for him
within 8 years from the victim to the external of my Hertels way remains
laboriously he stops thinking but he does not go to the next case 9